Release notes for 3.9.3 (#347)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/release-notes/pages/index.adoc

** Documented additional xref:3.9@tigergraph-server:reference:configuration-parameters.adoc#_system[S3 authentication configuration parameters].

* Added new xref:3.9@tigergraph-server:API:built-in-endpoints.adoc[REST Endpoints]:

> ** [3.9.3] Added new REST parameter `/allowExisting` for token endpoints (GLE-5439)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** [3.9.3] Added new REST parameter `/allowExisting` to the `POST /requestoken` endpoint.
```
I would not include ticket numbers for features.

Author: removed with latest commit.

** [3.9.2] `/gsqlserver/gsql/clear-store` is equivalent to `GSQL CLEAR GRAPH STORE -HARD`

* Added or changed xref:3.9@tigergraph-server:reference:configuration-parameters.adoc[configuration parameters]:

> ** [3.9.3] Additional commands were added to support user determined compression levels of backups and restores. (TP-2564)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** [3.9.3] Added parameters to adjust the compression level of backups.
```
1. parameter,  not command
2. We're configuring the backups, not the restores.
3. Words like "support" and "user determined" are unnecessary because they are implied when the topic is "adding configuration parameters".

Author: Will keep that in mind. This was change int he latest commit.

> ** [3.9.3] Added two new commands that allowed CPU usage based GPE query routing via a user determined threshold (CORE-2429)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** [3.9.3] Added two new parameters that allow CPU usage-based GPE query routing via a user-determined threshold.
```
I'm intentionally limiting my comments to grammar and verb tense correction, to focus on that.
* hyphenation: See General Principle 3 at https://apastyle.apa.org/learn/faqs/when-use-hyphen
* verb tense: "add" was a past event; we have added this feature.  "Allow" pertains to whenever someone uses this feature, so it is present/future tense.

Reviewer: I also find this sentence hard to understand. If I didn't already know what the feature is, I probably wouldn't get it.  Can you try to rephrase? Suggestion: start by composing the simplest version of what the feature is, with less detail.  Then add detail in a way that seems to be the easiest to understanding.

Author: rewrote it with latest commit.

** `KafkaConnect.AllowedTaskPerCPU` limits the number of concurrent kafka loading tasks.
** The GSQL environment variable `GPE_DSC_APPLY_TIMEOUT_MINUTE` is the maximum allowed time for dynamic schema changes (DSC).

> * [3.9.3] xref:tigergraph-server:backup-and-restore:cross-cluster-backup.adoc[Simplified cross-cluster restore] process by adding metadata to backup files and still supporting the previous method for older versions. (TP-3616)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [3.9.3] Simplified the xref:tigergraph-server:backup-and-restore:cross-cluster-backup.adoc[cross-cluster restore] process by including metadata with the backup files.
```

Author: changed this with latest commit.

==== Loading

> * [3.9.3] Added `_max_percent_error` command for user configurability when validating loading data inputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [3.9.3] Added `-max_percent_error` option to `RUN LOADING JOB` to automatically abort the job if the number of invalid data lines exceeds the given threshold.
```
* Make sure you spell keywords correctly.
* "Command" is just the first require word or phrase, in this case, `RUN LOADING JOB`. Everything else is an option or parameter.

Author: change this with latest commit.

* [3.9.2] The default mode for the Kafka Connector is `EOF="true"`

==== Schema

> * [3.9.3] xref:tigergraph-server:user-access:user-management.adoc[Reduction of GSQL username character restrictions] for more flexible username creation for v3.9.3 and future versions (GLE-5545).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Relaxed the rules for [3.9.3] xref:tigergraph-server:user-access:user-management.adoc[GSQL usernames].
```

Author: Change this with latest commit.

=== GraphStudio

> * [3.9.3] Added openCypher syntax support to xref:gui:graphstudio:write-open-cypher-queries-in-tigergraph.adoc[].

Reviewer: You don't have any text in the brackets at the end [], so it will default to the page title.  That would read a little oddly.  Also, I think you are focusing on the wrong thing. "added openCypher syntax support" is a GSQL improvement; GraphStudio is just a wrapper on GSQL.  What did GraphStudio do?  Added an openCypher option to the Add New Query dialog, to simplify writing and running openCypher in GraphStudio.

Author: changed this with latest commit.

> * [3.9.3] Enabled the "Share Insights" to share Insights widgets without needing a login.

Reviewer: **Enabled the "Share Insights"**: Do you really want to treat "Share Insights" as a noun?
You're not clear on whose login is relevant.

Author: change this with latest commit.

== Fixed issues

=== Fixed and Improved in 3.9.3

==== Crashes and Deadlocks
* Fixed crash when query thread would keep running after `JobListener` is shutdown (CORE-1730).
* Fixed GPE crash when using `INSERT` with an `UNKNOWN` accumulator (GLE-5038).
* Fixed crash when running interpret query with dynamic value (GLE-5600).
* Fixed JSON Viewer crash on browser when displaying a large response (TOOLS-2283).

==== Functionality
* Fixed issue of missing files in AdminPortal when downloading an output (TOOLS-2499).
* Fixed issue primary id could not set a color config for a vertex (TOOLS-2478).

> * Fixed issue where administrator could privilege of vertex `primary_id` in Role Management page of Admin Portal (TOOLS-2430).

Reviewer: Missing word? Not sure what this is trying to say.

Author: fixed this with latest commit.

* Fixed issue where error messages of abort requests created large file sizes (CORE-2705).

> * Fixed issue where GPE was still in warmup while running chaos testing (CORE-2670).

Reviewer: This one feels odd because we cite the condition as "chaos testing" which is a type of testing, not a use case.  Does the ticket explain what was the root cause?

Author: changed with latest commit.

* Fixed issue where user could download query results from the label “View Table Result” without proper privilege (TOOLS-2404).
* Fixed issue where multiple vertex types return when selecting one vertex type (GLE-5325).

> * Fixed issue of show statement parser error for catalog object created using create statement (GLE-5719).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed issue of `SHOW` statement parser error for catalog object created using `CREATE` statement (GLE-5719).
```

Author: changed with latest commit.

* Fixed support for `outdegree()` with a collection of edge types in `INTERPRET` mode (GLE-5476).

> * Fixed issue where delete or edit vertex attributes were incorrect in GST (TOOLS-2258).

Reviewer: GST is not an accepted user-facing abbreviation.

Author: changed with latest commit.

* Fixed issue in GraphStudio when "=” appeared as a missing parameter in an `INTERPRET` query (TOOLS-2298).
* Fixed argument error when passing a negative float parameter in GSQL cli in a `{key: value}` format. (GLE-6004).
* Fixed GSE crash when `lease_expire_time_ms_` was not updating (CORE-2693).
* Fixed issue where AWS credential user with access permission failed to `create data_source` to specified bucket (TP-4049).
* Fixed issue of wrong result for `DISTINCT` with aggregation functions (GLE-3386).

==== Improvements

> * Improved Insights table widget to be more consistent with graph studio (TOOLS-2375).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved Insights table widget to be more consistent with GraphStudio (TOOLS-2375).
```

Author: changed will latest commit.

* Improved insights search for two replicas when generating a pattern (TOOLS-2443).
* Improved logs to show sso username and login related information (GLE-5970).

> * Improved precision of `INT` and `UNIT` (CORE-2703).

Reviewer: 1. As a reader/user, I don't like to see this without more detail, because there are standards for integers, e.g. 32-bit, 64-bit, unlimited range, etc. Did we move up from one standard to another? Did we start from or go to a nonstandard range?  Tell me!
2. "precision" is the wrong word. Precision is the granularity, and integers always have a granularity of 1.  "Range" is the correct term.  Floating point numbers have both range and precision specifications. When talking about scientific measurements, there is "accuracy" and "precision."

Author: Engineer actually called this instance out as a non-user facing fix. So, I removed this. I do see your point though.

* Improved error message details when during a failure to find a request record when deleting (CORE-2686).

> * Improved API user existent check for when permission is not needed (GLE-5678).

Reviewer: "Existent" is not a common English word.  What API? For all REST endpoints?

Author: changed with latest commit.

> * Improved performance of edit vertex when vertex 200 attributes. (TOOLS-2107)

Reviewer: Which tool?  Missing a word here: "vertex 200 attributes"?

Author: Double checked. The tool was GST, which as mentioned before is non user facing. So will delete this.

* Added memory check in `DistrbutedTopologyStore` (CORE-2496).
* LDAP now has more detailed error messages (GLE-5559).
* Implemented connector fail status to show error messages in GSQL console (TP-3465).
* Added link to TigerGraph Kubernetes preview documentation on GitHub (TP-4039).

> * Expended support for `gcollect` (TP-4127).

Reviewer: Typo.  Also, gcollect is not yet documented. gcollect was written as a diagnostic tool, for our own use.  Somewhere along the way, we realized that it would be good to let users use it themselves.
See DOC-1807.

Author: removed the gcollect items

> * Improved Insights tables by adding overflow setting to tables with many column (TOOLS-2312).

Reviewer: You can't just copy the broken or sloppy English of the engineering tickets.

Author: fixed with latest commit.

* Extended the timeout length for queries in the wait queue so that they are not timed out early.

== Known issues
* An exception error is thrown when "" fail to covert to int64 when using `gcollect` to collect the tsar data.
* After a global loading job is running for a while a fail can be encountered when getting the loading status due to `KAFKASTRM-LL` not being online, when actually the status is online. Then the global loading process will exit and and fail the local job after timeout while waiting the global loading job to finish.

> * For v3.9.1 and v3.9.2 when inserting a new edge in `GPR` and `INTERPRET` mode, the GPE will print out a warning message, because it calls `graphupdates()` and `getau()` API and the `subtypeid` and discriminator string is not set for new-inserted edges.

Reviewer: There mentions a lot of things that are not user-facing: GPR, graphupdates(), getau(), subtypeid.
I *think* what this is saying this that a false(?) warning message will be printed when inserting edges if (some condition).  That condition needs to be clarify. Does it correlate to something the user did, or does it depend on internal state which the user has no direct control over?

Author: updated this with latest commit.
